Add support for embedded visual diagrams inside lesson content, and build the first three diagrams for the Real Life Ready module.

BACKGROUND
Lesson content currently supports title, instructor, grade level, subject, duration,
topic, learning objectives, content sections (heading + body), and an optional quiz.
There is no way to embed a visual diagram inside a lesson's content. Some lessons
benefit significantly from a visual (a step-by-step process, a side-by-side
comparison, a breakdown of numbers), and the Real Life Ready module content already
written needs three of these.

PART 1: SCHEMA AND RENDERING SUPPORT

Add an optional diagram slot to the lesson content section model. Each content
section should optionally support a diagramKey field (a string identifying which
diagram component to render, e.g. "bank-account-steps") in addition to its existing
heading and body. When a content section has a diagramKey set, render the matching
diagram component between that section's heading/body and the next section, inside
the same glass-card content flow the lesson viewer already uses.

Do not build a generic diagram upload or drag-and-drop builder in this pass, that is
a larger feature. For now, diagrams are React components mapped by key, added to the
codebase directly, the same way icons or other structured UI elements are already
handled. This keeps scope contained while still solving the actual need: fully
custom-coded, on-brand, production-quality diagrams rather than pasted images.

Create a new directory for these, e.g. client/src/components/lesson-diagrams/, with
an index/registry file exporting a map of diagramKey to component, e.g.:
{
  "bank-account-steps": BankAccountStepsDiagram,
  "payslip-breakdown": PayslipBreakdownDiagram,
  "chequing-vs-savings": ChequingVsSavingsDiagram,
}
The lesson viewer looks up the diagramKey in this registry and renders the
component if found, renders nothing if the key doesn't match (fail gracefully,
never crash the lesson page over a missing diagram).

PART 2: BUILD THE THREE DIAGRAM COMPONENTS

Each component follows the existing design system exactly: Baloo 2 for headings
(font-display), Nunito for body (font-sans), .glass-card or .glass-inset for
containers with --radius-glass (28px), CSS tokens only, no hardcoded hex values.
Coral stays reserved for gamification only (XP, streaks, badges), do not use it in
these, since this is educational content, not a game element. Use primary
(violet), secondary (amber), and accent (teal) instead. Every colored text element
needs an explicit dark: pair per the contrast rules already documented at the top
of index.css. No em dashes anywhere in code, comments, or rendered text.

1. BankAccountStepsDiagram
A vertical 5-step sequence: Choose account type (chequing or savings), Gather your
documents (ID and proof of address), Bring a parent or guardian (required for under
18), Visit the bank (complete the application), Make initial deposit (account is
opened). Each step is a numbered circle (violet background, white number) connected
by a vertical line to the next, with a title (font-display, semibold) and a short
subtitle (font-sans, text-muted-foreground) beside it. Wrap the whole thing in a
single .glass-card.

2. PayslipBreakdownDiagram
A single .glass-card styled like a simplified payslip: "Weekly payslip" as a
font-display heading, then three rows separated by thin dividers: Gross pay
(B$400.00), NIB deduction (-B$15.60, shown in a subtly tinted amber/warning-toned
row, with proper dark: pairing, not coral), then Net pay (B$384.40) in a teal/accent
tinted row with a "what actually lands in your account" subtitle. Include a small
muted caption below: "Sample amounts for illustration, actual NIB rates can
change." Use realistic Bahamian dollar formatting (B$) consistent with the rest of
the app.

3. ChequingVsSavingsDiagram
Two side-by-side cards (stack vertically on mobile, per existing responsive
patterns) inside one wrapping .glass-card or as two adjacent .glass-card elements.
Left card (violet-tinted header): "Chequing account" with bullet points: built for
everyday spending, frequent deposits and withdrawals, often comes with a debit
card, little to no interest earned, use for allowance/wages/bills. Right card
(amber-tinted header): "Savings account" with bullet points: built to hold money
over time, limited withdrawals before fees, usually no debit card, earns a small
amount of interest, use for savings goals/emergencies.

PART 3: WIRE THE DIAGRAMS INTO THE ACTUAL LESSON CONTENT

Apply diagramKey to the appropriate content sections in the Real Life Ready module
lessons already drafted:
- Lesson 1 (Opening a Bank Account in the Bahamas): add "bank-account-steps" after
  the "What You Actually Need to Open One" section, and "chequing-vs-savings"
  after the "Chequing vs. Savings" section
- Lesson 2 (Understanding Your Payslip and NIB): add "payslip-breakdown" after the
  "Gross Pay vs. Net Pay" section

If these lessons do not yet exist in the database/CMS, create them with the full
content already specified (title, instructor, grade level, subject, duration,
topic, objectives, content sections, quiz questions) and apply the diagramKeys as
part of that same creation step, do not create the lessons without diagrams and
require a second pass.

STANDING REQUIREMENTS (apply throughout)
- No em dashes anywhere, including code comments, UI copy, and lesson content
- Any new database write must throw a clear, catchable error on failure, never
  silently return null/undefined/false
- Every new UI element (diagram components, the lesson viewer's diagram slot) must
  be verified in both light and dark mode, check text contrast, background tints,
  and border visibility in both, per the contrast rules in index.css
- All new animations follow the existing keyframe set, a subtle fade-in or pop-in
  on the diagram as it scrolls into view is appropriate and consistent with the
  "animations are default-on" standing rule, do not leave it static with no entrance
  treatment
- Production-ready, not demo-ware
- Since this changes teacher-facing and org-admin-facing lesson content, update the
  relevant section of teacher-guide.md and org-guide.md in this same prompt to
  mention that lessons can now include embedded diagrams, and that the Real Life
  Ready module exists with its first two lessons live

Report back with: confirmation the diagram registry pattern works end to end,
screenshots or descriptions of all three diagrams in both light and dark mode, and
confirmation the two lessons render correctly with diagrams in place.