Add the remaining two lesson diagrams, building on the diagram registry pattern
already established with bank-account-steps.

BACKGROUND
The lesson diagram registry pattern (diagramKey on content sections, mapped to
React components in client/src/components/lesson-diagrams/) should already be
working from a previous prompt, with bank-account-steps live in the Opening a Bank
Account in the Bahamas lesson. Do not rebuild that pattern, extend it. If the
registry or diagramKey rendering is not actually working when you check, stop and
flag this rather than proceeding, the rest of this prompt assumes it works.

PART 1: BUILD TWO MORE DIAGRAM COMPONENTS

Add both to client/src/components/lesson-diagrams/ and register them in the same
index/registry file used by bank-account-steps:
{
  "payslip-breakdown": PayslipBreakdownDiagram,
  "chequing-vs-savings": ChequingVsSavingsDiagram,
}

Both follow the same design system rules as bank-account-steps: Baloo 2 for
headings (font-display), Nunito for body (font-sans), .glass-card with
--radius-glass (28px), CSS tokens only, no hardcoded hex values. Coral stays
reserved for gamification only, do not use it here. Every colored text element
needs an explicit dark: pair per the contrast rules in index.css. No em dashes
anywhere in code, comments, or rendered text.

1. PayslipBreakdownDiagram
A single .glass-card styled like a simplified payslip: "Weekly payslip" as a
font-display heading, then three rows separated by thin dividers: Gross pay
(B$400.00), NIB deduction (-B$15.60, shown in a subtly tinted amber/warning-toned
row with proper dark: pairing, not coral), then Net pay (B$384.40) in a
teal/accent tinted row with a "what actually lands in your account" subtitle.
Include a small muted caption below: "Sample amounts for illustration, actual NIB
rates can change." Use realistic Bahamian dollar formatting (B$) consistent with
the rest of the app.

2. ChequingVsSavingsDiagram
Two side-by-side cards (stack vertically on mobile, per existing responsive
patterns) inside one wrapping .glass-card or as two adjacent .glass-card elements.
Left card (violet-tinted header): "Chequing account" with bullet points: built for
everyday spending, frequent deposits and withdrawals, often comes with a debit
card, little to no interest earned, use for allowance/wages/bills. Right card
(amber-tinted header): "Savings account" with bullet points: built to hold money
over time, limited withdrawals before fees, usually no debit card, earns a small
amount of interest, use for savings goals/emergencies.

PART 2: WIRE CHEQUING-VS-SAVINGS INTO LESSON 1

Apply diagramKey "chequing-vs-savings" to the "Chequing vs. Savings, What's the
Difference?" content section (Section 1) in the already-existing Opening a Bank
Account in the Bahamas lesson, so that lesson now has two diagrams: this one after
Section 1, and bank-account-steps after Section 2 (already in place).

PART 3: CREATE LESSON 2 WITH PAYSLIP-BREAKDOWN WIRED IN

Create the second Real Life Ready lesson if it does not yet exist, applying
diagramKey "payslip-breakdown" to the "Gross Pay vs. Net Pay" section:

Title: Understanding Your Payslip and NIB
Instructor: Finsight Lite Team
Grade Level: 9-12
Subject: Financial Literacy
Duration: 15 minutes
Topic: Payroll and Government Deductions

Learning Objectives:
- Read and understand the basic parts of a Bahamian payslip
- Understand what NIB (National Insurance Board) is and why contributions are
  deducted
- Know what NIB contributions eventually provide
- Understand the difference between gross pay and net pay

Content Section 1 Heading: Gross Pay vs. Net Pay
Content Section 1 Body: Gross pay is the full amount you earned before anything is
taken out. Net pay, sometimes called take-home pay, is what actually lands in your
account after deductions. The biggest deduction most working people in the Bahamas
will see on a payslip is NIB. If you've never seen a payslip before, the gap
between gross and net pay can be surprising, understanding it now means it won't
catch you off guard at your first job.
[diagramKey: payslip-breakdown applies after this section]

Content Section 2 Heading: What Is NIB?
Content Section 2 Body: NIB, the National Insurance Board, is the Bahamas'
national social security programme. Almost every employed person in the Bahamas
contributes to NIB, and it's automatically deducted from your paycheck, similar to
how other countries have their own national insurance or social security systems.
NIB contributions fund benefits that support people through major life events:
sickness benefit, maternity benefit, retirement pension, and support for family
members if a worker passes away or is injured on the job. It's not a savings
account you can withdraw from anytime, it's a shared national system that pays out
when specific, defined situations happen.

Content Section 3 Heading: Why This Matters Even Before Your First Job
Content Section 3 Body: Understanding NIB before you're actually holding a
payslip means you won't be confused or worried the first time you see a chunk of
your pay missing. It also matters long-term: NIB contributions are what eventually
qualify someone for a retirement pension, so a consistent work history with NIB
contributions isn't just a deduction today, it's building toward something later.

Quiz Questions:
1. What is the difference between gross pay and net pay?
A) There is no difference, they mean the same thing
B) Gross pay is before deductions, net pay is what you actually receive
C) Gross pay is only for adults, net pay is for students
D) Net pay is always higher than gross pay
Correct: B

2. What does NIB stand for?
A) National Investment Bank
B) National Insurance Board
C) Nassau Income Bureau
D) National Interest Balance
Correct: B

3. Which of these is something NIB contributions can eventually provide?
A) A free car
B) A retirement pension
C) Free tuition at any school
D) A guaranteed loan
Correct: B

4. Why is NIB deducted automatically from a paycheck?
A) It's optional but most people forget to opt out
B) It's a mandatory national social security contribution
C) It's a penalty for late tax filing
D) It only applies to business owners
Correct: B

STANDING REQUIREMENTS (apply throughout)
- No em dashes anywhere, including code comments, UI copy, and lesson content
- Any new database write must throw a clear, catchable error on failure, never
  silently return null/undefined/false
- Both new diagram components must be verified in both light and dark mode, check
  text contrast, background tints, and border visibility in both, per the contrast
  rules in index.css
- Add a subtle fade-in or pop-in entrance treatment on both diagrams as they
  scroll into view, consistent with the existing bank-account-steps diagram and
  the "animations are default-on" standing rule
- Production-ready, not demo-ware
- Update teacher-guide.md and org-guide.md to reflect that the Real Life Ready
  module now has two published lessons

Report back with: confirmation both diagrams render correctly in both light and
dark mode, confirmation Lesson 1 now shows two diagrams in the right places, and
confirmation Lesson 2 was created successfully with its diagram in place.