INVESTIGATE PHASE 1 FIRST. Do not write fix code until Phase 1 is complete and reported.

BACKGROUND: Two confirmed bugs in the Investment Simulator, plus a data sourcing 
problem that needs a permanent fix.

BUG 1 — Virtual Cash balance does not decrement/increment correctly on buy/sell.
Prior diagnosis found that updateVirtualBalance() in storage.ts uses 
db.update(userVirtualBalance).set(...).where(eq(userVirtualBalance.userId, userId)).returning() 
and destructures the result as const [updated] = result without checking whether 
any rows were actually updated. If zero rows match, this returns undefined silently, 
no error is thrown, and the route proceeds as if the update succeeded.

DATA SOURCING PROBLEM: There is currently no live BISX market data feed anywhere 
in this codebase. Two disconnected fake price sources exist:
1. A hardcoded static array (BISX_STOCKS in InvestmentSimulator.tsx) shown on the 
   "Real Market Prices" ticker strip, which never updates and is mislabeled as 
   "End of Day" / real-time.
2. The simulated_stocks Supabase table, which drifts randomly by up to ±1.8%/day 
   via a simulateMarketPrices() job, and feeds the actual tradeable Buy/Sell cards.
BISX (bisxbahamas.com) has no public API and no data licensing program found. 
The fix is to replace both fake sources with ONE real source: prices entered 
manually by the founder/org admin, copied from the official BISX Price Sheet 
(bisxbahamas.com/price-sheet) each trading day.

PHASE 1 — CONFIRM BUG 1 ROOT CAUSE (report before fixing)
1. Query the live Supabase database directly to confirm whether the 
   user_virtual_balance table exists.
2. If it exists, query it directly for a test user's row after a confirmed buy 
   transaction. Report the raw row: userId value, balance value, and exact data 
   types of both.
3. Compare that userId's type/format against the value passed into 
   updateVirtualBalance from the request handler. Confirm or rule out a 
   type/case mismatch with direct evidence, not inference.
4. Report findings before proceeding to Phase 2.

PHASE 2 — FIX BUG 1
1. Fix updateVirtualBalance so it throws a clear, catchable error if zero rows 
   are updated, instead of silently returning undefined.
2. Fix the actual root cause identified in Phase 1 so the balance correctly 
   persists to the database on every buy and sell.
3. Confirm Net Worth recalculates from the corrected live balance field, not a 
   cached value.
4. Confirm the sell flow correctly credits cash back (check for the same class 
   of bug in reverse).

PHASE 3 — BUILD MANUAL BISX PRICE ADMIN TOOL (replaces both fake price sources)
1. Add a new table (or extend simulated_stocks) to store, per ticker: current 
   price, previous close, last updated date, and last updated by (admin user).
2. Build a simple admin-only interface, accessible only to the founder/org admin 
   role, NOT visible to teachers or students, where Hailey can enter today's 
   real closing price for each of the six BISX tickers currently in the app 
   (CBL, FCL, CAB, plus BTC-BS if it maps to one of these, confirm and reconcile 
   naming so there is exactly one ticker list, not two overlapping ones).
3. This admin-entered price becomes the SINGLE source of truth for both the 
   "Real Market Prices" ticker strip AND the tradeable Buy/Sell cards. Delete 
   the hardcoded BISX_STOCKS array entirely. Disable/remove the 
   simulateMarketPrices() random drift job entirely, it should not run anymore.
4. Bonds (BGRS-5Y, BTB-91) are not on the BISX equity price sheet the same way, 
   confirm how these are currently priced and leave them on their existing 
   logic unless told otherwise, this admin tool is for the six equity tickers only.
5. Display a visible "Prices last updated: [date]" label near the ticker strip 
   and on the market page, sourced from the real last-updated timestamp, so 
   students and teachers can see data freshness honestly instead of a fake 
   "End of Day" label that isn't true.
6. If a trading day passes with no admin update, prices should simply remain at 
   the last entered value, not silently regenerate or drift. No synthetic 
   fallback logic.
7. Ensure the admin price-entry write function throws a clear, catchable error 
   on failure rather than silently returning null, undefined, or false.
8. This changes org-admin-facing UI/flow, so update the corresponding section 
   of org-guide.md in this same prompt to document how to update daily BISX 
   prices, written for a non-technical admin.
9. Verify the admin price-entry screen and the ticker strip render correctly in 
   both light mode and dark mode (text contrast, colored price/change indicators, 
   glass-card backgrounds per index.css .dark overrides).
10. No em dashes anywhere in code comments, UI strings, or the org-guide.md update.
11. If this requires installing or updating any packages, run the pnpm lockfile 
    proxy fix: sed -i 's|http://package-firewall.replit.local/npm|https://registry.npmjs.org|g' pnpm-lock.yaml, 
    then confirm with grep -c "package-firewall.replit.local" pnpm-lock.yaml 
    returns 0, then commit pnpm-lock.yaml with package.json.

PHASE 4 — VERIFICATION (report with evidence, not a completion claim)
1. Show before/after cash balance for a test buy and sell, real numbers.
2. Show that the ticker strip and Buy/Sell cards now read the identical price 
   for all six tickers, confirmed from the same database field.
3. Confirm via git diff what files actually changed.
4. Confirm org-guide.md was actually updated, show the added section.