Fix a Railway build failure caused by a corepack signature verification bug.

BACKGROUND
The build failed at the install step with:
Error: Cannot find matching keyid: {"signatures":[...],"keys":[...]}
    at verifySignature ... corepack.cjs
    at fetchLatestStableVersion ...

This is NOT a lockfile problem and NOT a code problem. It happens because 
the install command is "corepack pnpm install --frozen-lockfile" without a 
pinned package manager version. Without a pin, corepack tries to resolve 
"latest stable pnpm" from the npm registry and verify its signature. That 
verification is failing because corepack's embedded signing keys are out 
of date relative to a key npm has since rotated in. This is a known 
corepack issue, not something wrong with this codebase.

FIX

1. Check package.json for a "packageManager" field. If it's missing, or 
   present but not pinned to an exact version, add or update it to pin the 
   exact pnpm version already being installed via Nix in this build 
   (confirm the exact version from the Nixpacks build log, it was 
   pnpm-10.0.0 as of the last failed build, but verify current rather than 
   assuming):

   "packageManager": "pnpm@10.0.0"

   Pinning this means corepack uses the specified version directly instead 
   of hitting the network to resolve "latest" and running signature 
   verification, which is what's failing.

2. Confirm this field is valid JSON and doesn't break any existing 
   package.json structure.

3. Test locally in Replit if possible: run pnpm install and confirm no 
   corepack errors.

4. Commit package.json (only, unless the lockfile also needs regenerating 
   for an unrelated reason, do not touch pnpm-lock.yaml as part of this fix 
   unless it's actually out of sync).

5. Push to the GitHub remote.

6. Verify the push landed: compare the full 40-character SHA of local HEAD 
   against the GitHub remote HEAD.

7. Watch the Railway deploy log for this specific build. Confirm the 
   "corepack pnpm install --frozen-lockfile" step completes without a 
   "Cannot find matching keyid" error, and confirm the build proceeds 
   through "pnpm run build" and starts "node dist/index.cjs" successfully.

IF PINNING THE VERSION DOES NOT RESOLVE IT
As a fallback, this can also be fixed by setting an environment variable 
in Railway to skip corepack's signature verification entirely:
COREPACK_INTEGRITY_KEYS=0
Only use this fallback if the packageManager pin alone does not fix the 
build, pinning the version is the cleaner fix and should be tried first.

STANDING REQUIREMENTS (apply throughout)
- No em dashes anywhere, including commit messages and code comments
- This is a backend/infra/config fix with no UI change, skip the light/dark 
  mode verification requirement
- Do not touch teacher-guide.md or org-guide.md, no teacher-facing or 
  org-admin-facing UI is affected
- Do not modify pnpm-lock.yaml as part of this fix unless it is genuinely 
  out of sync, this is a separate, already-known issue with its own fix

Report back with: the exact pnpm version pinned, confirmation the local/remote 
SHA match, and the final Railway deploy status.