Fix a failed Railway deployment caused by a lockfile/dependency mismatch.

BACKGROUND
The most recent deploy failed at the install step with:
ERR_PNPM_OUTDATED_LOCKFILE - Cannot install with "frozen-lockfile" because 
pnpm-lock.yaml is not up to date with package.json

The lockfile is missing an entry for "mammoth" (and possibly other recently 
added packages) that exists in package.json. Railway installs with 
--frozen-lockfile, so any mismatch between package.json and pnpm-lock.yaml 
blocks the build entirely.

FIX STEPS

1. Regenerate the lockfile so it matches package.json exactly:
   pnpm install

2. Run the standing package-lock proxy fix and verify it's clean. This 
   repo uses pnpm, so check pnpm-lock.yaml specifically (not package-lock.json):
   sed -i 's|http://package-firewall.replit.local/npm|https://registry.npmjs.org|g' pnpm-lock.yaml
   grep -c "package-firewall.replit.local" pnpm-lock.yaml

   The grep must return 0 before proceeding. If it returns anything else, 
   the sed command did not fully clean the file, stop and investigate before 
   committing.

3. Confirm the app still builds locally before pushing:
   pnpm run build

4. Commit package.json and pnpm-lock.yaml together in the same commit. Do 
   not commit one without the other, that recreates this exact failure.

5. Push to the GitHub remote.

6. Verify the push actually landed: compare the full 40-character SHA of 
   local HEAD against the GitHub remote HEAD. Do not rely on Replit's own 
   deployment verification tools for this, they check the wrong environment. 
   Confirm against GitHub and Railway directly.

7. Watch the Railway deploy log for this specific build. Confirm the 
   "pnpm install" step completes without an ERR_PNPM_OUTDATED_LOCKFILE error, 
   and confirm the build reaches "pnpm run build" and "node dist/index.cjs" 
   without failing.

SEPARATE, LOWER-PRIORITY FIX (same session, after the above is confirmed working)
The deploy log also shows this warning, which did not cause the failure but 
should be resolved so it doesn't cause a future one:
WARN Unsupported engine: wanted: {"node":"20.x"} (current: {"node":"v22.11.0"})

Check the "engines" field in package.json. Either:
(a) update engines.node to accurately reflect the Node version this project 
    actually needs and is being tested against, or
(b) if 20.x is the correct target, pin the Node version explicitly in the 
    Nixpacks/Railway build config so it stops resolving to 22.11.0

Confirm which of these is correct given the current codebase before changing 
it, do not guess.

STANDING REQUIREMENTS (apply throughout)
- No em dashes anywhere, including commit messages and code comments
- Any new database write must throw a clear, catchable error on failure, 
  never silently return null/undefined/false
- This is a backend/infra fix with no UI change, so the light/dark mode 
  verification requirement does not apply here, skip it
- Do not touch teacher-guide.md or org-guide.md, this change has no 
  teacher-facing or org-admin-facing UI impact
- All work must be production-ready

Report back with: the grep result from step 2, confirmation the local/remote 
SHA match from step 6, and the final Railway deploy status.